Correct the use of ::read() (#1025)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - 🐞 Writing files larger than 2 GB on macOS has been corrected.
>   [#1025](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1025)
> 
> - 🐞 Reading files larger than 2 GB has been corrected.
>   [#1025](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1025)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🐞 Incomplete reads have not been handled properly, which manifested for
  files larger than 2GB. On macOS, writing files larger than 2GB may have
  failed previously. VAST now respects OS-specific constraints on the maximum
  block size.
  [#1025](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1025)
```
